you can see just a little bit kind of
look through the bushes see him right in
between the rocks here he's gone listen
he's got a lizard
he's eat I thought I saw something move
is eating that's that venom and those
fangs put to the best use that's what
they're really for an offer scaring the
living daylights out of cowboys
therefore actually effectively hunting
and killing their prey and there's the
evidence
this is that more than I ever hoped for
we've got no new record we got Tiger
rattlesnake my any or else I've got
Tiger I like eating actually doing
something other than singing that song
which is more than I could ever hope for
this is absolutely completely and
utterly perfect experience this has the
scissors this is what we spent all these
days out here waiting for
there's real way the way he calls that
lizard man yeah I don't think that I get
the feeling he's gonna have to release
it
reposition yeah he's excited he's not
gonna fold it in the middle that just I
mean I've seen lots of snakes feed like
you have and they do occasionally mess
it up but he's certainly not getting
them down very quick isn't it
you see that split realigning is chores
in a second is what they do after
they've opened their mouth wide to take
a food item on that and this snake had
grabbed that that anymore
the pizzelle manner but what I was
saying is that this animal was trying to
swallow that lizard the wrong way which
is unusual know where they take him
headfirst
I look at animals trying to swallow at
sideways animals mess up - this one's
obviously messed up he's dropped that is
it and he's repositioning now so
hopefully if we stay still enough here
then start to feed and that lizard the
right way around